#User Manual

Overview:
This guide provides instructions to use the Secure Data Card Management System. Details of how to contact the helpdesk can be found in the helpdesk section of the your page. The application is hosted at a URL provided to you by the project supervisor. Users need a newer browser from the following Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, or Microsoft Edge (each released in 2023 or newer). For standard use of the application, no installation is required on your part. Users who wish to run the application on their local sites should follow the local installation instructions provided on Appendix C.

Registration and Login:
Go to the application URL. Click. Click "Register" from the home page. Type in a display name (between 2 and 50 characters), a working email, and a password. The password must be 8 characters long or more and contain a special character, at least 1 uppercase and at least 1 digit. Click on "Create User." A confirmation toast notification will appear. The user will be redirected to the dashboard once the notification is dismissed.
Click the "Login" button on the home screen. Type in the email and password, and then "Sign In." After five unsuccessful (consecutive) login attempts, the user will be unable to log in for the next 15 minutes. The time left on the lock will show on the screen. For usernames and passwords that have been lost, please click on the forgot password link on the log in box. Type in your email and follow the instructions in the email that you will receive. The email is only valid for 15 minutes.

Creating a Data Card:
To access the card editor, click on “New Card” or the “+” icon on the dashboard. Here, you can give it a name (this is required) and write an accompanying description (optional). You can further customize the card by choosing a visual style from the dropdown (Options: Default, Professional, Minimal, or Creative). Searchable labels can be created using the Tags field - these should be separated by commas. For card visibility, select Private (Only you can see this card) or Public (anyone can view the card if they have a direct link).
Clicking "Add Field" will allow for the addition of additional new fields. Fields are comprised of a label (e.g., "Dataset Name"), a value, and a type. The types can be one of the following: Text, Email, Phone, Date, URL, Image, and Textarea. You can indent a field (hidden from shared viewers and encrypted at rest) by toggling on the padlock icon next to the field. When toggled on, the value input will be masked, and the input will be encrypted upon card save. Fields can be removed by pressing the trash icon. The card can be saved by pressing "Save Card."

Using LLM Auto-Generation:
In the card editor, Auto-generate can be pressed. The generation modal will appear. You can now enter a prompt (in natural language) to describe the dataset, (e.g. "A medical imaging dataset of 50,000 chest X-ray images that are labelled on pneumonia detection and were collated from three hospitals in the UK between 2018 and 2022"). One of the template sections can be selected and included (Contact, Professional, Academic, Social, and General) to help seed the field structure. You can also provide one reference document in one of the following formats (PDF, TXT, and Markdown) to help with the accuracy of the generated content. The document must be less than 5mb.
To generate card content, click "Generate." Then a loading sign will appear as the LLM controls the card content. Completion takes between 3-10 seconds, and once content is done generating, a preview of the fields appears. Decide which fields you'd like to add to the card editor by checking the boxes and click "Apply Selected" to add the fields. If you change your mind, click "Discard." The fields can be modified within the editor, and the auto-generation is limited to 20 requests per hour.

Sharing a Data Card:
To share a card, click a card from the dashboard, and then "Share" in the card viewer. You can include an expiry date and time if you'd like. This will make the share link inactive after that time. You can add a password, if you'd like, that viewers must provide to access the card. Click "Generate Link" to create a share link. Share links can be revoked by clicking "Revoke Link" in the share modal.
If a card has already been viewed, you can go to the share analytics in the card viewer and click "Analytics." You will see different statistics such as the total view count, breakdown of which types of devices were used to view your card, and the top five countries with the most viewers.

Exporting a Data Card:
To export, click "Export" in the card viewer. Choose between PDF, Markdown, or JSON. PDF and Markdown exports will be downloaded directly to your computer, and the JSON format export will be downloaded and will include all of the card data in the system's internal format. This data is suitable for reimport.

Version History:
With the saving of a newly created card, the previous versions are archived. To view the archived versions, access the card viewer, and select the "History" option. A list will appear in a sidebar alongside the timestamps of all past versions, and notes are displayed if provided. To view a saved version, select that version. For the purposes of overwriting the card in the present, select "Restore This Version."
